This repository contains a driver for the SSD1677 E-Paper display controller, designed to be used with STM32 microcontrollers. The driver allows you to configure and control the E-Paper display via an SPI interface.

## Features

- **Initialization of the E-Paper display**: The driver provides functions to initialize the display, setting it up for use.
- **Functions to clear the screen**: Clear the entire screen or specific parts to prepare for new drawings.
- **Drawing functions**: Draw pixels, lines, rectangles, and text on the display.
- **Support for display rotations**: Rotate the display content to fit your application's needs.
- **Power management**: Functions to put the display to sleep and wake it up, helping to save power.

## Prerequisites

To use this driver, you will need:

- **STM32CubeMX**: For configuring your STM32 project and generating initialization code.
- **STM32CubeIDE**: Or another compatible development environment for building and debugging your project.
- **STM32 Microcontroller**: With an SPI interface to communicate with the display.
- **E-Paper Display**: Compatible with the SSD1677 controller.

## Tested Hardware

- **Microcontroller**: The driver has been tested on the NUCLEO-STM32U545RE development board.
- **E-Paper Display**: The Waveshare 3.7inch e-Paper HAT was used for testing the driver.

## Installation

Follow these steps to integrate the SSD1677 driver into your STM32 project:

1. **Clone this repository**

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/dlanyar/stm32-ssd1677.git
   
2. **Place the souces files** into your STM32 project:


```plaintext
STM32CubeIDE_Project/
│
├── Core/                     # Core files generated by STM32CubeMX
│   ├── Inc/                  # Core include files
│   │   ├── main.h           # Main program header file
│   │   └── ...              # Place the .h files here
│   │
│   ├── Src/                 # Core source files
│   │   ├── main.c           # Main program source file
│   │   ├── stm32u5xx_hal.c  # HAL source file (example for STM32U5 series)
│   │   └── ...              # Place the .c files here (not the main.c(this file is an exemple))
```
   
### Explanations:

- **Change the HAL Include**: Provides instructions on how to modify the `#include` directive to match the specific HAL library for different STM32 microcontroller series. This ensures compatibility with various STM32 models.
